Right?
I made you kneel and apologize
Enough, why is Miss Mu so aggressive?
You may not know that this mediocre man has always been restless
When you have all the money, you want to cling to it
If my parents weren't kind-hearted
They were already kicked out.
Miss Lu is also worried about you
You are in a hurry, you are out of proportion.
You, a servant, can't even do this well
It's really not suitable to stay at home
warm
You go and pack up your three-month salary
Leave their house
So beautiful, I know it's my fault.
Please don't let me leave the Mu family
No, if you lose your job
Mom's illness
Mrs. Wu is too warm and famous
Our wood family
I don't even have the right to open any servants
Anyway.
It's all his fault.
It's evidence that he asked the host and guests to invite
Such a maid
I dare not ask for cultural relics engraving.
Madam, madam, you have energy.
I really can't live without this job placenta
That's enough!